---
layout: post
title: Fly On The Wall Observation Writeup
subtitle: by Nicolas Wong
---

The primary purpose of the fly on the wall lab was to wander around Horace Mann, looking out for any potential problems or observations in general.  One of the things I noticed was the recurrence of uncomfortable seats. For instance, there was no padding on the benches in Tillinghast Hall. Next to the robotics lab, there were spinning chairs with minimal back support - potentially harmful to people's backs if sat on for extended periods. With ongoing covid concerns, tents around the field were built this year, which serve to hold classes or allow students/teachers to eat there. In those tents are various seats; Some have a table connected to the chair, and some don't. Those who don't have a table constrain some students from sitting on that particular seat as there is no object to place their food down on conveniently. There are also several risks/inconveniences inside the building. Especially with a 5-minute gap between classes to allow students to go from place to place, the hallways often get relatively crowded. A major concern that I observed was how wide the staircase is and how there are no railings in the middle of it. Also, near the dance studio and vending machines, there are benches on a ramp, making it very uncomfortable to sit on because the incline sways you off the bench. In the library, I also noticed that the keyboard and mouses are used by everyone daily. Every time I use it, I feel a sense of disgust with the paranoia/thought of there being germs on it. Also, in the dance studio where the students had classes, bags were scattered around the floor, and it seemed pretty messy. Especially during a pandemic, this practice of recklessly placing personal belongings on the floor should be stopped. Furthermore, in the library, I noticed that one of the hand sanitizer dispensers had the texture of lotion rather than being a liquid that could dry off in a matter of seconds. Also, through personal experience and observation, I recognized that it was challenging for students to communicate and hear each other through the barriers. To add on, not only were these barriers a hindrance to communication, but also a major obstacle when trying to see the board. For instance, if a student were sitting anywhere other than the first row, the barriers would obscure those students' vision, sometimes causing them to stand up and move closer to the board. Nevertheless, it is a significant inconvenience. Additionally, when walking through Tillinghast's hallways, I noticed how thin the lockers were as they have a history textbook's length. Through our two weeks of remote learning, I also collected some data on the software, "Zoom," where we held our classes. One of the most recurring problems was regarding audio when students/teachers were sometimes incomprehensible. Also, when intending to participate in class, students would often be ignored by teachers, presumably because the teacher did not recognize them. 

With the data collected during remote learning and in-person school, I separated them into three main groups. First, there were problems when walking/relaxing on campus. Observations that fell into this group included some inconvenient seats and the constraints that came with them, table-less seats in the tents, and the placement of a bench on a slope. This makes me realize how potentially helpful something that informs students about where specific seats will be. This can specifically tailor to some who have back problems and prefer some seats more than others. Another group that I separated my data in regarded observations covid concerns.  Observations in this category included students placing their book bags all over the floor and reused keyboard and mouses. Through these observations, I formed a theory: Kids tend to be less attentive and more careless when it comes to the coronavirus compared to adults. Students sometimes take their masks off for as long as possible, and without care, place all of their belongings on the floor. This makes me curious if some reward/disciplinary system can be formed if students are not entirely following all covid protocols. The last group of data was inconveniences in the classroom during in-person school and remote learning. Data that fell into this category included barriers hindering vision of the board and the voice of students, lockers not being big enough, teachers not being able to see the hands of students on zoom, and some occasions of poor audio on zoom. I realized that, especially with the barriers and audio problems, most of these dilemmas have to do with communication. This makes me curious as to if there is any better way to communicate with others as an app or other technological device may be necessary. 

I first started this data collection process during the last week of remote learning. During some of my zoom classes, I jotted down some recurring observations. Additionally, in our mobile apps class, we discussed various articles we had previously read, which is when I had gathered the majority of my data. We returned to school the week after, and we were given about 20 minutes to roam around campus and note any observations. Walking around with Ethan Fry (another student in our mobile apps class), we made our way through the library, dance studio, and the field. After this data collection process between remote and in-person learning, I organized all my observations into different categories. Some strategies that I implemented when collecting data were exploring parts of the campus that I wouldn't usually go to on a daily basis. For instance, I observed the dance studio, which I have not been to since middle school since I do not participate in anything dance or theater-related. I found this process extremely fruitful in gaining observations. Throughout this lab, I learned that there are problems all around us. Even in such a prestigious private school such as Horace Mann, there can always be things that can be improved, whether this is accomplished by software or hardware. 


